The number of cases of cops brutalizing and killing people of color seems to see no end. Now, we have another case that needs to be shared far and wide. An Alabama woman by the name of Angela Williams shared a graphic photo of her son, lying in a hospital bed with a beaten and fractured face, on Facebook. It needs to be shared far and wide, because this is unacceptable.It is unclear why Williams  son was in police custody or what sort of altercation resulted in his arrest, but when you see the photo you will realize that these details matter not. Cops are not supposed to beat and brutalize those in their custody. In the post you are about to see, Ms. Williams expresses her hope that the cops had their body cameras on while they were beating her son, but I think we all know that there will be some kind of convenient  malfunction  to explain away the lack of existence of dash or body camera footage of what was clearly a brutal beating. Hell, it could even be described as attempted murder. Something tells me that this young man will never be the same. Without further ado, here is what Troy, Alabama s finest decided was appropriate treatment of Angela Williams  son:No matter what the perceived crime of this young man might be, this is completely unacceptable. The cops who did this need to rot in jail for a long, long time   but what you wanna bet they get a paid vacation while the force  investigates  itself, only to have the officers returned to duty posthaste?This, folks, is why we say BLACK LIVES MATTER. No way in hell would this have happened if Angela Williams  son had been white. Please share far and wide, and stay tuned to Addicting Info for further updates.Featured image via David McNew/Stringer/Getty Images",News,"December 25, 2017"
" Fresh Off The Golf Course, Trump Lashes Out At FBI Deputy Director And James Comey","Donald Trump spent a good portion of his day at his golf club, marking the 84th day he s done so since taking the oath of office. It must have been a bad game because just after that, Trump lashed out at FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe on Twitter following a report saying McCabe plans to retire in a few months. The report follows McCabe s testimony in front of congressional committees this week, as well as mounting criticism from Republicans regarding the Russia probe.So, naturally, Trump attacked McCabe with a lie. How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Trump tweeted.How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Donald J. Trump December 23, 2017He didn t stop there.FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!  Donald J. Trump December 23, 2017Wow,  FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,  according to @FoxNews.  Donald J. Trump December 23, 2017With all of the Intel at Trump s disposal, he s getting his information from Fox News. McCabe spent most of his career in the fight against terrorism and now he s being attacked by the so-called president. Trump has been fact-checked before on his claim of his wife receiving $700,000 for her campaign.Politifact noted in late July that Trump s  tweet about Andrew McCabe is a significant distortion of the facts. And the implication that McCabe got Clinton off as a political favor doesn t make much sense when we look at the evidence. His July tweet was rated  mostly false.  But Trump repeats these lies because he knows his supporters will believe them without bothering to Google. It s still a lie, though.Photo by Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images.