Oleksandr Syrskyi says ‘life and health’ of soldiers is army’s key asset in first statement 
as armed forces chiefUkraine’s newly appointed top general has said a new approach is 
required to achieve success on the battlefield.“Only changes and constant improvement 
of the means and methods of warfare will make it possible to achieve success on this path,” 
said Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi, in his first statement as armed forces chief.Syrskyi was appointed to 
the top job by the president, Volodymyr Zelenskiy, on Thursday in a controversial shake-up that 
marks the biggest military reshuffle since Russia’s full-scale invasion nearly two years 
ago.Syrskyi has replaced Valerii Zaluzhnyi, a popular commander whose relations with Zelenskiy 
had become strained in recent months. Critics have suggested Zelenskiy may have been partly 
motivated by concerns over Zaluzhnyi’s high approval ratings in Ukrainian society and his 
potential to one day become a political challenger.Changes at the top of the army have been 
the main topic of conversation in Ukraine since last Monday, when news leaked that Zelenskiy 
had asked Zaluzhnyi to resign and he had declined.Borislav Bereza, a former opposition MP who 
was one of the first to leak news of the initial meeting, said Zelenskiy’s team had subsequently 
made several attempts to persuade Zaluzhnyi to resign voluntarily, but he had rejected all of them.
However, he said the general understood the need for wartime unity so did not want to rock 
the boat too much.“Zaluzhnyi is a person oriented on the needs of the state, he understands that 
if he says: ‘I’m leaving but I’ll be coming back,’ it would bring dissonance into Ukrainian 
society,” said Bereza.In a show of unity on Friday, Zelenskiy awarded Zaluzhnyi the Hero of 
Ukraine award, the country’s highest honour.The defence minister, Rustem Umerov, said he had 
introduced Syrskyi to the general staff. “Defence is in good hands,” he wrote on Facebook.
The change in commanders comes as Ukraine’s forces face their toughest period since the opening 
weeks of the war, contending with a failure to retake significant territory since late 2022, 
Russia on the attack around the city of Avdiivka and other parts of the frontline, and a delay 
in funding from the US that has added to ammunition shortages. Zelenskiy’s aide Mykhailo Podolyak 
said in an interview this week that Russia was firing up to 10,000 shells a day while Ukraine was 
able to fire only 1,500 – to 2,500.Some of the concern about Syrskyi among the rank and file is 
over his reputation as a “Soviet-style” general who has little regard for the lives of his troops. 
Formerly commander of the land forces, Syrskyi is credited with masterminding the defence of Kyiv 
in the beginning of the war and the successful counteroffensive in Kharkiv region in late 2022, 
but has also been criticised for fighting on in the ultimately failed defence of Bakhmut at 
the cost of many lives.Perhaps to address this criticism, Syrskyi in his statement on Friday 
said: “The life and health of servicemen have always been and are the main value of the Ukrainian 
army.”Syrskyi was born in Russia’s Vladimir region, then part of the Soviet Union, and attended 
the Moscow high military command school before moving to Ukraine in the 1980s. His close family 
still lives in Russia. “I’m not in touch with him, I don’t even know where he is. I don’t know 
anything about him,” his brother Oleg told the Russian state news agency Ria hours after 
Syrskyi’s appointment was made public.On Odnoklassniki, a popular Russian social network, Oleg 
and Syrskyi’s 82-year-old mother, Lyudmila, appeared to have frequently “liked” posts that back 
Russia’s invasion.Zelenskiy’s office has portrayed Syrskyi as someone who could offer a new 
approach on the battlefield, though it has not provided specifics. “In 2023 there were particular 
expectations and we did not meet them. Now it’s 2024, it can’t just be a year that we sit and wait 
for something to happen in Russia. We need direct answers to real questions … because right now we 
are in stagnation,” Podolyak said this week.
